When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work 
local?
	
	When you are working on a group where more than one person needs access to 
	the project at te same time.
	
Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use 
one instead of another?

	Clones make a copy of a repository from any place to another.  Forks are 
	specific clones that make a cop from GitHub to GitHub.  Branches are like 
	cloning in the repository.  The clone can be used to start something completly 
	different using someones work as a spring board.  A fork is used when you want 
	to work on the same project someone else is, but take it a slightly different 
	direction and they still want their version.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored 
locally?

	If you are writing code based on other code in the project it is very helpful 
	to have the lasest version of the code you're basing your new code off of.  
	If you use that something that isn't there anymore it will be more work for 
	you when it comes time to merge.
	
How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and 
what would be harder?

	Withour GitHub you would need to email files back and forth or use some other 
	file sharing approach.  This would make things harder especially the more 
	people are working on the project.  Also most other file sharing platforms 
	are made for coding and the options for merging files would be more limited.
	
When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in 
master? What benefits does each approach have?

	On a working project you want to let everyone know what you're planning on 
	doing with the code before you do it.  By creating a separte branch you can 
	share with other the work you've done without changing the main project that 
	everyone expects to remain unchanged unless someone lets them know it's going 
	to be changed.  This makes it so others can check and critique your work to 
	iron out things you might have missed before you force your changes on everyone 
	else.

